隐私权政策

透明图标（以下简称“我们”）深知个人信息对您的重要性，并会尽全力保护您的个人信息安全可靠。我们致力于维持您对我们的信任，恪守以下原则，保护您的个人信息：权责一致原则、目的明确原则、选择同意原则、最少够用原则、确保安全原则、主体参与原则、公开透明原则等。同时，我们承诺，我们将按业界成熟的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息。
请在使用我们的产品（或服务）前，仔细阅读并了解本《隐私权政策》。

信息的收集和使用
个人信息是指以电子或者其他方式记录的能够单独或者与其他信息结合识别特定自然人身份或者反映特定自然人活动情况的各种信息。
为了向您更好的提供我们的网站和我们的服务，当您使用斗图表情时，我们将在法律允许的范围内和当且仅当您浏览网站、使用某些功能或者服务时，根据本政策规定收集您的个人信息和用户信息。如果您不提供这些信息，我们可能无法向您提供我们的产品或服务。
我们仅会出于本政策所述的以下目的，收集和使用您的个人信息：
在您使用我们的斗图表情和我们的服务时，我们会收集您所提供的可识别您身份的信息，具体收集的信息有（包括但不限于）：

设备信息： 当您在移动设备上使用我们的服务时，我们收集与您设备相关的信息。例如，国际移动电话设备识别码（“IMEI”）、广告标识符（“IDFA”与“IDFV”）、集成电路卡识别码（“ICCID”）和介质访问控制（“MAC”）地址、设备型号与设备分辨率，方便我们统计使用我们产品与服务的设备数量并进行设备机型数据分析与图形适配分析。

位置信息： 我们收集您的位置信息，如国家代码、经纬度信息、网络位置、IP地址和系统设置国家及时区信息。这些信息有助于我们了解用户分布和用户使用场景，使我们可以为其提供正确的应用程序版本及更优质的服务。除本政策另有约定外，我们不会与任何第三方分享这些信息。如果您不再希望我们跟踪或使用具体位置信息，您可以在选择在设备上关闭网络、GPS功能或者禁用我们获取您网络、GPS、设备信息权限。

软件日志信息： 软件的运行信息，如错误崩溃日志等。这些信息用于在程序发生问题的时候，便于我们找出问题的原因，提升软件的稳定性。 广告信息：我们可能在服务中放映广告并且可能出于追踪广告目的收集并使用有关您的信息，例如您的设备标识符、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。这些信息是为了用于创建内部用户编号以帮助我们更好地计数和追踪基于语言、地理位置和其他细节的广告。我们不会将这些信息出售给任何第三方。

第三方服务收集的信息： 我们提供的服务可能包括属于我们的服务供应商的第三方追踪工具。该第三方可能会在我们提供的服务中收集包括SDK/API/JS代码版本、浏览器、互联网服务提供商、IP地址、平台、时间戳、应用标识符、应用程序版本、应用分发渠道、独立设备标识符、iOS广告标识符（IDFA)、安卓广告主标识符、网卡（MAC）地址、国际移动设备识别码（IMEI）、设备型号、终端制造厂商、终端设备操作系统版本、会话启动/停止时间、语言所在地、时区和网络状态（WiFi等）、硬盘、CPU和电池使用情况等信息。我们的隐私政策不会覆盖到第三方追踪工具的使用。我们没有权限访问或控制这些第三方。

其他信息： 我们还有可能我们还可能收集其他各类与个人没有关联的信息。例如，操作系统类型与版本号以了解系统升级情况、系统语言以用于语言适配、应用列表以了解用户的兴趣偏好等。这些信息用于我们的统计分析，以便优化我们的服务。
信息存储
（一）Cookie
为确保正常运转，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为 Cookie 的小数据文件。Cookie 通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码和字符。借助于 Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好或购物篮内的商品等数据。
我们不会将 Cookie 用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除 Cookie。您可以清除计算机上保存的所有 Cookie，大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止 Cookie 的功能。但如果您这么做，则需要在每一次访问我们的网站时亲自更改用户设置。
信息数据安全保护
我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据（如信用卡信息）时受 SSL 加密保护；我们同时对我们网站提供 https 安全浏览方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
八、本隐私权政策更新
我们可能适时会对本隐私权政策进行调整或变更，本隐私权政策的任何更新将以标注更新时间的方式公布在我们网站上，除法律法规或监管规定另有强制性规定外，经调整或变更的内容一经通知或公布后的7日后生效。如您在隐私权政策调整或变更后继续使用我们提供的任一服务或访问我们相关网站的，我们相信这代表您已充分阅读、理解并接受修改后的隐私权政策并受其约束。


九、如何联系我们
如果您对本隐私政策有任何疑问、意见或建议，请通过邮箱：1791362687@qq.com与我们联系。
一般情况下，我们将在三十天内回复



The ClearIcon (hereinafter referred to as "we") is fully aware of the significance of personal information to you and will do its utmost to ensure the security and reliability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abide by the following principles to protect your personal information: principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, principle of clear purpose, principle of consent based on choice, principle of minimum necessity, principle of ensuring security, principle of active participation of the subject, principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will adopt corresponding security protection measures in accordance with the mature security standards in the industry to protect your personal information.
Please carefully read and understand this "Privacy Policy" before using our products (or services).

Collection and Use of Information
Personal information refers to various types of information recorded in electronic or other forms that can identify a specific natural person individually or in combination with other information, or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
In order to provide you with better services for our website and our services, when you use emoticons, we will collect your personal information and user information within the scope permitted by law and only when you browse the website, use certain functions or services, in accordance with the provisions of this policy. If you do not provide these information, we may not be able to provide our products or services to you.
We will collect and use your personal information only for the following purposes as stated in this policy:
When you use our emoticons and our services, we will collect the information you provide that can identify your identity, including but not limited to the following specific information:

Device Information: When you use our services on mobile devices, we collect information related to your device. For instance, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), Advertising Identifier (IDFA and IDFV), International Mobile Subscriber Identity (ICCID), Media Access Control (MAC) address, device model and device resolution. This is to facilitate us in counting the number of devices using our products and services and conducting device model data analysis and graphic adaptation analysis. 
Location Information: We collect your location information, such as country codes, latitude and longitude data, network location, IP addresses, and system settings for the country and time zone. These pieces of information help us understand the distribution of users and the usage scenarios of users, enabling us to provide them with the correct application versions and better services. Apart from the provisions in this policy, we will not share these information with any third parties. If you no longer wish us to track or use specific location information, you can choose to turn off the network, GPS functions on your device, or disable our permission to access your network, GPS, and device information. 
Software Log Information: Information about the operation of the software, such as error crash logs, etc. These data are used to facilitate us in identifying the causes of problems when the program encounters issues and improving the stability of the software. Advertising Information: We may display advertisements during the service and may collect and use information about you for tracking advertising purposes, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geographical location and IP address. These data are used to create internal user identifiers to help us better count and track advertisements based on language, geographical location and other details. We will not sell these data to any third party. 
Information collected by third-party services: The services we provide may include third-party tracking tools belonging to our service providers. Such third parties may collect information in our services, including SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, unique device identifier, iOS advertising identifier (IDFA), Android advertising identifier, network card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone and network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU and battery usage, etc. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of these third-party tracking tools. We have no authority to access or control these third parties. 
Other Information: We may also collect other types of information that are not related to individuals. For example, operating system type and version number to understand system upgrade status, system language for language adaptation, application list to understand users' interest preferences, etc. These information are used for our statistical analysis to optimize our services.
Information Storage
(1) Cookies
To ensure normal operation, we will store small data files named Cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, as well as some numbers and characters. With the help of Cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping basket.
We will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this policy. You can manage or delete Cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all Cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have the function to block Cookies. However, if you do so, you will need to change your user settings each time you visit our website.
Information Data Security Protection
We have used security protection measures in line with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide. These measures prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, data exchanged between your browser and the "Service" (such as credit card information) is encrypted by SSL; we also provide https security browsing mode for our website; we use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
VIII. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any updates will be announced on our website with the update time marked. Except for mandatory provisions of laws, regulations or regulatory requirements, the updated content will take effect 7 days after notification or publication. If you continue to use any of our services or visit our related websites after the update of this Privacy Policy, we assume that you have fully read, understood and accepted the updated Privacy Policy and are bound by it. 

IX. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at 1791362687@qq.com. Generally, we will respond within thirty days.
